So now we're going to look at the implementation of Angwin problem.
So first of all, we will create a board.
So let's say we have a maximum of 2020 world because I had four hired inputs.
This call will not run because the complexity is huge and will be after 11 or 12 or 13.
This is going to be very difficult to process in a 1/2 because we have a small, bold letter of 2020.
The input would be maximum rated 13 or 11, and we will take input the value of and I know what we are
going to do.
We are going to create a function let solve and queen on the let me show it to you so we will have a
boolean function let's solve in Queen and here we are going to give the value of and we are going to
give the board and we are also going to give the current row in which we are currently not.
Again, because that is needed.
I now we discussed about the base case and we also discussed about the recursive case.
In the recursive case we said we will try to place.
A queen in every role.
Okay.
And in the best case, we said that if we reach a role that is equal to end, that means we are done.
In this case, we will print the board and we will read and will not make any further calls, and we
will terminate our equation from that particular base case.
Okay.
So maybe we will create we can create a function void print board that is going to take input in and
board.
And yeah, so it is going to blow over all the doors.
And it is going to read over all the columns.
Then we're going to see out more of it.
Yeah.
Followed by space.
And followed by.
And.
So now in the base case, what we need to do, we simply need to call the method rent board and we give
in on the board.
That's it.
We are done.
But in the recursive case, we need to try every column.
So what we will do, we will say, okay, let us say the column start from zero.
Column is less than ten and we do a plus plus.
And here's what we will do.
We will say, I need to check whether the current position is safe or not, whether the current idea
is safe or not.
So what does it mean by safe?
Let me just tell it to you.
They said this is our great.
And lots of you are currently in the air.
Okay.
It's a this is the role in which we are putting a queen here.
It said this is where we are putting our green.
If I want to place the green and the iron through and the death column, what I need to do it.
I need to check that there is no green.
In this particular column.
And there is no green in this particular diagonal.
And there is no green in this particular barnoldswick.
So these are the three things where we need to check.
Now, you may ask why we are not checking along this direction.
And this direction.
So this is because we are putting only one green in a row and we are not checking here because this
part of the board is yet to be filled.
Okay.
This part is yet to be filled.
There is no point of taking civil medical help on matters that will check whether a green is present
in these diagnosed or on this column.
So what we will do will define this method and let us assume that this method is scandalous.
Okay.
So if a green can be placed in the board of say and art index on G only then we are going to place a
green.
Okay.
So how do we place a green since it is out in the world?
Maybe we can mark that location as one.
It has two.
Everything is zero.
If that green can be placed, then place it, then begin to board off it equals one and check for the
remaining problem.
Okay.
So bool success there denote whether the remaining board could be successfully sorted or not.
So we can call soil when green.
And we give.
What we give.
We give.
And we give board.
And we give the wrong number.
That is now eight plus one.
Okay.
And now this success will tell us what to write.
So we will assume that, okay, this is this row is calling to the next door to check whether it was
successful in solving the remaining problem or not.
This success.
If it is true, then you will return true and this position will be released.
But if it is false, then you will try out the next position for the Queen.
If it is false, you will try out the next position.
And if it is false, then you move out of this particular row.
Then you will return false to the parent.
Okay.
To the parent function call.
So look, look carefully.
If you got success from the remaining grade, then you return.
True.
Okay.
I'm not writing as return false.
I'm not writing like this else return false.
Because this is not that we are going to do.
If it does not success, then this loop will take their to the next location.
And what do you need to do if it does not true?
You already place the queen hit.
But this is not the right location.
Okay, so you need to backtrack.
You need to update.
You need to remove this.
Okay.
You made a function call and I said my tracking will come after the function call.
That means you made a call here.
This call returned.
False.
That means you will update this green index.
You'll put it here.
Okay.
So let us make mode of ID equal to zero.
That means we are removing this queen from here on in the next iteration of this for Loop.
We are going to the equality plus one and we are putting a queen here.
I'll give you a recording of Queen at this particular index.
Okay.
We were putting a queen.
And then again, we are going to make a call here and check for success.
Maybe let's assume that this time we got a success.
We are going to tell the parent, call, well, give you got successful and let's not make any changes
and let us propagate true back to the mean.
So this would give true, true, true and so on.
So this is how this problem is going to get solved.
But now there is still one case that is left that cases when you have finished the entire row and you
could not place a queen successfully, that means if you somehow come out of this follow, that means
you will come out of this for a loop if and only if there was no position in the row that could satisfy
the constraint.
Okay.
That means there is something wrong with the parent.
And you should tell the parent call that you need to update the you need to update your location.
So if this row returns are false, then that means something will get updated in the parent call.
Maybe the parent called the Queen, was it?
Then you will say, Let us remove this.
So this line of parent call will get executed and in the next iteration they will take the next value
and you will place a queen hit.
And again, you will make a call on this rule again and again.
You will start from zero to land minus one.
Okay.
So this is what what is going to happen.
So this is the complete backtracking code for the end queen problem.
One thing is left.
We need to implement this function down place board and ID, so let's implement this method as well.
So what we are going to do, we are going to say.
Yeah.
So we are going to say.
Mulligan Bliss.
Ball game plays and I get the ball.
I get the and I get the X come away where I'm placing a queen.
Okay, so we need to check for the column first.
So in the same column for Antigay Equality Zero.
Girls, then let's say X.
Cabela's plus if word of geek on my way.
If this is equal to one, we can done.
It's okay.
We can have left diagonal.
And we can have a check for the right diagonal as well.
What I'm going to do, I'm going to copy.
The variable, the coordinates in a variable.
I do and I can take while I is greater than equal to zero and j is greater than equal to zero.
If more of AJ.
If this is equal to one.
Then that means ugliness present and we should return.
False.
And we should update is a minus minus the FDA minus minus and let us do the work for the right diagonal
as well.
So is equal to X, is equal to Y and they can put a loop while I is greater than equal to zero and is
less than ten.
So don't worry, I will explain these conditions if board of it.
If this is equal to one, then we consider done false and we can do a minus, minus and de plus plus.
And if none of these conditions is false, then we should return.
True.
That means we could not find a green in the column, left diagonal or in the right diagonal.
And we should return false.
So let's see what we have done and can bless method.
So we have this board.
We have this rule.
We have this column.
And here we have this as a clean first we checked gaikwad zero killers in the exit door and divide column.
We write rating from zero below, less than zero, retreating over these rows and the column is fixed
as well.
So we are iterating over this entire area.
And if we could see there is a green here, we would simply done false.
Oh, it's only this one.
Then we are trading from equal to actually equal to white.
While this is greater than equals.
Zero.
Basically, though, this particular point, we are saying we should not go beyond zero zero because
that would mean indices that don't exist in the world.
What we are doing, we are saying, okay, let us we have this cell x ray, so we want to go to diagonally
one step back.
So that is if this is I.D., then this is a minus one and minus one.
Then again, we go one step back by doing a minus one and then minus one.
So this this loop allows us to move in this particular diagonal.
Similarly, the right loop allows us to move in this particular diagonal.
Okay.
So when we are going right, we are reducing the number of rules, but we are increasing the number
of columns because we have to go towards right.
But on the left we have to reduce the number of columns as well.
We are checking if we could find something in the left diagonal or in the right diagonal.
We should have done what look.
We should have done.
But.
And if all of these conditions, none of these conditions are done default, we are going to return.
True.
That means there was no such going on.
We can easily, safely place a green here.
Okay.
So this is the commonplace method.
So quite a bit longer.
So maybe.
Let's try to call.
And queen.
And we give the value of an as and.
And we give the board as board and the starting row.
We can give I as zero.
Okay.
And let's give some input, maybe a forecast for the world and let us try to.
We got.
Okay.
We should return to.
That we could solve this problem.
Okay.
We have this as well.
All right.
So you can see we've got one possible configuration.
And if we look carefully, then this.
Configuration.
Looks like a valid configuration.
Look, this looks like a.
Valid config.
So this is what we had designed a kill kill until.
So this is kill kill.
You aren't kill.
So yes, it exactly matches this output that we have derived.
And that means this code is working perfectly fine.
Okay.
So a quick recap of what we have done.
So this part of the code is the main part.
And what we are doing it is that is something that you need to look at.
So for every role we are trying to place the queen in every column.
Okay.
So here we are saying, okay, let us go to every column.
And in every column there could be certain locations which are invalid.
We discard those.
There are certain locations which are valid for now, but maybe they're not part of the solution.
So what we do for those configurations, we first place the Queen, then we check all the remaining
the problem.
The remaining problem tells whether it was successful or not, if it was successful.
We tell the parent calls that the problem was solved just to propagate a true back to the mean.
And we'll get to know where that is.
The problem is solved.
But if the problem is not solved by using that particular row and column, let's say we had that particular
row and we are right.
Then we say, okay, let us remove the Queen from this particular day and let us make Diaz de plus one
and we put the queen here.
Okay.
So this is like putting the queen on.
This is like removing the queen and even after completing the entire row.
Okay.
So this is after finishing entire row.
If the queen could not be placed.
Then we will tell the previous row something is wrong with the other configuration.
Go and updated and this is a signal to the previous.
Okay.
This is also a signal to the previous row where the followed signal should be sent after the loop.
After you have tried all possible configurations, after all columns have been checked in the current.
Okay, so that's all for this lecture.
I hope you really understood this problem.
Thank you.